                           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                         ~~~~~~~ World Six ~~~~~~~
                           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

_____________________
X - Start            |
# - Level            |
a - Extra Level      |
b - Extra Level      |
O - Empty Space      |
T - Tower            |
C - Castle           |
H - Ghost House      |
W - Warp Cannon      |
P - Pipe             |
S - Star Coin Toll   |
I - Item Toad House  |
G - Green Toad House |
M - Mega Toad House  |
                     |
_____________________|

     1---------+    G         M        I         5---------+
     |         |    |         |        |         |         |
     |         |    S         S        S         |         |
X----O    I    O----2----T----3--------4----T----O    G    6----C
     S    |    |                                 S    |    |
     |    |    |                                 |    |    |
     +----a----+                                 +----B----+

                               o-----------o
                               | Level 6-1 |
                               o-----------o

A Bullet Bill cannon will lead things off, but in this area they have an 
additional ability of turning around to focus extra firepower on Mario when 
he moves on by.  Head right to go get a Power-Up, followed by passing some 
more Bullet Bills to find a cliff to sidestep across.  While on these cliffs 
Mario can walk along them or hang off them, allowing him to avoid the Bullet
Bills that will be after him.  Once across jump to the higher ledge and Wall
Jump for the first Star Coin, followed by going on the low path to find a 
new Wall Jump challenge, this one leading to a Power-Up.

After going right to Wall Jump through the halfway marker, leap to the left
to get the second Star Coin, then raid the Power-Up on the right, and then
continue onwards to face another Wall Jump, this one precariously done 
around a Red Paratroopa Koopa.  Get the next Power-Up to likely get 
Firepower, which will help Mario cross the next narrow cliff area by jumping
and shooting each Green Paratroopa Koopa while crossing, arriving at a 
gauntlet of Bullet Bill launchers to contend with.

Carefully maneuver through the barrage to find a cliff, getting across it 
quickly to pass another set of launchers, followed by a second cliff to 
cross, but remember to drop down briefly to get that third Star Coin.  Mario
will now be at the flagpole, so he can use a Bullet Bill to Super Jump off
of, landing high on the flagpole to end the level!


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 6-2 |
                               o-----------o

This area takes place on the shorelines of a body of water, and the water 
will continually shift it height, going fairly high into the air and then 
retreating.  To further complicate this, Spinies will be deployed through 
out the level, floating in the water during high tide and walking around on
land during low tide.  Run right to pass a couple Spinies via the ledges,
hitting the ? Blocks to find a Power-Up, eventually finding a red pipe to go
through to the next area.

Head right to find a tree where Mario should hop around, revealing a hidden
block to the right of the ? Block, followed by leaping up off the hidden 
block to reveal another hidden block, this one containing a vine.  Climb up 
to locate a couple ledges, hitting the P-Switch that hides in the brick,
followed by leaping right across the winged ? blocks to hustle across the 
now solid Coins to find the first Star Coin.

Fall down to continue on to the right, collecting the contents of the ? 
Blocks while avoiding/killing the Spinies, going down the second green pipe 
that appears so Mario can be launched over the wall ahead.  When the tide
reaches a high point on this side, the next cavern holds the second Star 
Coin, so nsag it before continuing on to the right, Wall Jumping if 
necessary along the green pipe, reaching another drop.  

Get the rotating Power-Up below, followed by swimming right to raid a ? 
Block for the Invincible Starman it holds, at which point Mario should run 
right to drop down to the ledge below, heading left at full speed through 
the Spinies (gaining a 1-Up or two in the process) to find the third Star
Coin waiting.  Backtrack to the right now, dealing with a final few Spinies
before entering the yellow pipe, finding some ledges to leap across to reach
the flagpole, ending the level!


                           o-------------------o
                           | Level 6-Tower One |
                           o-------------------o

The Piledrivers return, but this time they are... HORIZONTAL!  Anyway, start 
the climb by passing the firsts et of piledriovers, taking careful leaps to 
get between the closely positioned Piledrivers' spiky exteriors, also 
making sure to snag the Power-Up from the first ? Block that Mario 
encounters.  When Mario reaches a point where he needs to jump left to a 
solid brick ledge, keep going left to get the first Star Coin, followed by
hiding in a small depression below to allow the Piledriver to slam by, 
meaning Mario can continue his climb after that on the right.

When a Super Dry Bones is found, the halfway point will be breached, so 
Super Jump off the Super Dry Bones to hit the ? Block for the Power-Up,
followed by continuing to climb, passing the four Piledrivers to find a
springboard to use to get past the dual Piledriver threat.  Once Mario 
reaches the door, enter to jump up the ledges to the top, letting the 
Piledrivers slam forward and then retreat, allowing Mario to jump over to 
the left to get the second Star Coin.

Head up and through the door to continue onwards, finding the large red 
doors.  However, before passing through said doors, Mario will need to be
Mini Mario (easiest way) or use the Dry Bones to Super Jump up off of,
Wall Jumping to reach the ledge above, entering the pipe to grab the final 
Star Coin.  Now head through the door to find Baby Bowser!

Bowser Jr. is again trying to charge and leap into Mario, so use the usual
attacks of three stomps or nine fireballs or a combination of the two will
take out the enemy.  However, this time Bowser Jr. has an extra trick up his
sleeve, which is the platform that will tilt as Mario and Bowser Jr. move 
around, so be careful to not fall into the spikes below.


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 6-3 |
                               o-----------o

Hit the moving ? Block when it is safe, grabbing the Power-Up, followed by
passing the Venus Fire Trap to use the swinging ? Block to reach the first
Star Coin.  head right to go down the red pipe, running across the floating 
logs and collecting the Red Coin Ring for the reward (they are easy to get),
followed by heading back up the surface.  Go down the second green pipe, 
snagging the Star Coin inside, followed by resurfacing to go right and down
the last pipe.

Again run across the spinning logs quickly, carefully maneuvering past the
Piranha Plants to reach the pipe at the end, going back up to the surface.
Hit the ? Block when safe for the Power-Up, followed by leaping to the left 
off of it to clear the pipe, grabbing the third Star Coin, followed by Wall
Jumping back out to the area Mario entered from.  

Now follow the Coinpurse across the gaps, destroying it by the pipe for the 
Coins and 1-Up Mushroom it contains, followed by going past the ? Blocks and
Piranha Plants to find the flagpole.  If you feel daring, get onto the 
swinging ? Block to go high onto the flagpole, but the gap below makes that 
a fairly dangerous proposition.


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 6-4 |
                               o-----------o

Grab the Power-Up before running under the Firebar, followed by Wall Jumping
up to the higher ledge to continue climbing, reaching the first Star Coin.  
Head right to find a gauntlet of Firebars, situated over a cliff, so use the
top for walking and the bottom for hand-over-hand movement, getting through
the set to reach a Power-Up, followed by a couple more Firebars (the last 
of which is incredibly fast).  Grab another Power-Up before blowing past the
small Firebars to Wall Jump upwards between two more Firebars, finding yet
another Firebar to Wall Jump past, jumping to the left for a Star Coin 
before moving right to pass the halfway point.

The next area is a bunch of cliffs and ledges, so jump carefully (remember, 
your jump is far weaker off of a cliff) to pass through this challenging
section, remembering to take the high cliffs to reach a pipe.  Inside Mario
will find some Firebars to shimmy over, reaching the third Star Coin, 
followed by him hanging off the lower cliff to get past the same Firebars, 
heading through the yellow pipe to enter the green pipe that Mario appears
near.  Head right and leap onto the flagpole, ending the level!


                           o-------------------o
                           | Level 6-Tower Two |
                           o-------------------o

Jump up past the Dry Bones to get the Power-Up, followed by going left to 
Wall Jump up to the conveyor belts above.  Head right when a conveyor belt
with spikes sticking out of it appears, grabbing the Star Coin on the right,
at which point Mario will go left past another Dry Bones to reach the 
halfway point.  Now go up the stepped conveyor belts, grabbing the Power-Up
from the high brick on the right, followed by continuing to climb, jumping
the Dry Bones and Super Dry Bones as they come along.

Once the two green pipes are reached, enter the one on the right, holding 
LEFT to find the ledge where Mario will need to duck to go through the 
narrow opening (wait till the Spike Tops take off), busting the bricks to 
get the second Star Coin.  Climb upwards to find a Coin Block and a ? Block
Power-Up, followed by grabbing the rope above, scaling to the right to drop
down to get the third Star Coin, followed by ducking to ride the conveyor
belt to the right, leaping upwards to the ledge, entering the large red 
doors to take another crack at Bowser Jr.

Bowser Jr. will have reverted to his entering of his shell when Mario draws 
near, so leap over his charge, forcing Baby Bowser to chuck a shell at you.
Stomp the shell and pick it up to hurl back, allowing Mario to land a leap
to the underside of the small Koopa.  Complicating this is the tilting
platform and the lava below, so be careful to keep stable footing through 
out the battle.  Note that Bowser Jr. can also be smoked by 9 Fireballs if 
you have the Firepower at any time, so feel free to roast him quickly!


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 6-5 |
                               o-----------o

Head down the pipe to find another watery gauntlet to swim through, facing
Cheep-Cheeps (the orange fish) and Deep-Cheeps (the green fish), which will
chase you (unlike the Cheep-Cheeps).  Swim to the right to find a Power-Up
in a ? Block, leading into a wider area where the first Deep-Cheeps attack 
from.  Swim closer to the ceiling, watching for the first Star Coin, but 
bait the Deep-Cheeps into diving down at Mario before going after it, as 
they make it tough to get without being hit.

Next is a Red Coin Ring, but due to the positioning of the Red Coins and the
Deep-Cheeps, so avoid it as it is not worth the risk.  Immediately after 
this is a vortex in the ground, trying to suck Mario down into the depths
below, so swim through strongly and get the nearby Power-Up, followed by 
raiding the next several ? Blocks for the Invincible Starman they hold,
blasting through all sort of foes.  Once Mario reaches a yellow pipe, enter
to find a ton of Deep-Cheeps to swim through to the center of the room, 
locating the second Star Coin, followed by going back through the pipe.

Swim right through the vortexes ahead, dodging Deep-Cheeps, reaching a 
vortex surrounded with bricks, which you should get sucked down into, as the
area below holds the final Star Coin for this area.  Head up the pipe to 
swim up through two Mega Deep-Cheeps to go up the next pipe, finding some
fall away ledges to leap up to land high on the flagpole, ending the level!


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 6-6 |
                               o-----------o

use the springboard to reach the ? Block above for the Power-Up inside, 
followed by using the same springboard to clear the Chain Chomp while moving
left, finding another springboard to launch of to drill down through the
bricks on the right, locating a Power-Up at the bottom.  Launch up once 
more, aiming straight up to find another springboard, going to the left off
of it to drill through a vertical row of bricks, finding a P-Switch.  After
hitting the P-Switch, move left to get the second Star Coin before the Coins
turn back into bricks.

launch off the nearby springboard and go right, finding a ? Block with a 
Power-Up inside, from which Mario will use the nearby springboard to go up
and to the left, locating the second Star Coin, which rests on a Chain 
Chomp's post.  After that send Mario to the right, finding the halfway 
marker, facing a long drop down to find a Power-Up in a ? Block, followed by
Ground Pounding through a row of bricks to a springboard.  launch up and 
left, bouncing the off the Red Paratroopa Koopa to hit the P-Switch, 
followed by going down and right to bounce off the red Koopa Troopa to reach
the pipe.  

Once inside, use the springboard to go high into the cavern, allowing Mario 
to fall down on the right side of the chasm to collect the third Star Coin, 
followed by taking the yellow pipe to the outside.  Now use the green pipes
here to keep climbing, reaching a ledge with multiple green pipes.  Ignore 
these and run to the right, finding the flagpole to end the level!


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 6-A |
                               o-----------o

Grab the Power-Up from the ? Block, followed by killing Lakitu immediately
(use Firepower is possible).  Head right to find a vortex to jump into, 
launching Mario up so he can move right to find the Star Coin up there,
remembering to continue floating to the right to land again.  The next 
landmark to look for are two solid rock sets holding quicksand, so ride the
quicksand downward, finding a hidden area.  As soon as Mario appears, Wall
Jump back up to the Star Coin once he just falls past it, followed by 
climbing through this room that is eerily reminiscent of one of the 8-2 
bonus room choices in Super Mario Brothers 3.

Once Mario is back outside, raid the nearby Power-Up and then go right,
passing the halfway marker, jumping across the small platforms to find a 
series of pipes, so look for the yellow pipe at the tail end of this set,
entering it to take a running leap over the Super Piranha Plant to get the
Star Coin (though Firepower makes this tons easier to collect), followed by
going out the red pipe on the left.  Head right upon exiting, taking a long 
running leap over the gap ahead (below is the pipe you entered), clearing 
the gap or else Mario will need to go back down into that same pipe due to 
the invisible blocks that will prevent him from going to the right.  
Continue moving right, ignoring the Lakitus while you keep moving, entering 
a pipe to find a flagpole.  If you wish to go after the higher area of the
flagpole, jump straight up from the bump in the sand, revealing two hidden
blocks, followed by Wall Jumping to that ledge to leap onto the flagpole.


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 6-B |
                               o-----------o

Go down the pipe on the right, launching upwards to go right, crossing the
next two gaps via the swinging poles.  Avoid the upcoming enemies, swinging
across another gap, finding a Red Koopa Troopa there to de-shell, picking it
up and throwing it at the Star Coin to the right (get it in sight before
tossing), collecting it before swinging across the gap to collect a Power-Up
from a ? Block.  Next up are some tilting toadstools and Green Paratroopa
Koopas to deal with, followed closely by a green pipe to launch up out of,
Super Jumping off the back of the Green Paratroopa Koopa to get the second
Star Coin.

Launch up out of the pipe again, going right to leap the Piranha Plants to
find a long slope to go down, passing the enemies there, reaching some 
tilting toadstools to continue down and to the right across.  Mario will
quickly come across a rotating Power-Up box, which is guarded by Green 
Paratroopa Koopas, so get them out of the way while collecting, leading to 
the right to pass a Goomba producing pipe to take the first green pipe that
appears.

Upon regaining control of Mario, use the swinging poles to cross the gap
ahead, landing on the high ledge to slide under the low wall, grabbing the
third Star Coin.  head right to slide down the hill and across the gaps 
ahead, getting up once across to go right to leap onto the flagpole to end 
the level!


                             o----------------o
                             | Level 6-Castle |
                             o----------------o

Use the moving ledge to get across the first lava pit, followed by getting 
over the next pit by leaping from one moving ledge to the next, finding a
? Block over the lava to hit with a Red Koopa Troopa shell.  Next up for 
Mario is a Star Coin floating over the lava, so use a Koopa Troopa shell to
hit it, collecting it in the process, continuing on to the right afterwards
to cross more moving ledges, watching for a second Star Coin down below.

Use the moving ledges to get down to this Star Coin, grabbing it before 
leaping back up to the areas above, moving right to find a Red Koopa Troopa
and a leap past two Podoboos and a lava pit.  Head right to find a Red Koopa
Troopa, a Power-Up, and the halfway marker, followed by going up onto the
ledge above via the block below.  Head right to Super Jump off of the Red
Koopa Troopa to get onto the granite block on the right, moving right to
locate the third Star Coin.  

Now backtrack to jump between the two moving granite blocks, finding a 
narrow hallway where granite blocks will push up from below in an attempt to
push Mario into the spikes above.  Head right through this area, entering
the door at the end, finding a series of leaps to make upwards, going from
moving ledge to moving ledge, locating the large red door, which leads to 
the Boss Fight!

The Monty Mole Tank will fire off Bullet Bills, swinging the turret around
to try and hit Mario.  To further complicate this, Monty Mole will pop out
of the tank periodically to throw a Bob-Omb into the mix, but this is also
happens to be the time to go after the malicious Mole, leaping onto him 
before he can chuck the Bob-Omb.  This will cause Monty Mole to lose control
of the tank temporarily, which will fire off Bullet Bills in various 
directions until he regains control, at which point the cycle begins over.
However, each new round of attacks will have an additional cannon added to 
the tank, meaning Mario will have to scale the barrels of the weapons to
stomp Monty Mole.  Three hits will scrap the tank and Monty Mole, moving
Mario onwards in the game!


