                          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                        ~~~~~~~ World Eight ~~~~~~~
                          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

_____________________
X - Start            |
# - Level            |
O - Empty Space      |
T - Tower            |
C - Castle           |
H - Ghost House      |
W - Warp Cannon      |
P - Pipe             |
S - Star Coin Toll   |
I - Item Toad House  |
G - Green Toad House |
M - Mega Toad House  |
                     |
_____________________|

          +----M    I
          |         |
          S         S
X----1----2----T----3----4----C----5----6----7----8----T    C
                         S                             |    |
                         |                             |    |
                    G----+                             +----+


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 8-1 |
                               o-----------o

Splunkins and Crowbers will begin the assault for the Koopa Klan when Mario
enters the final world, so fight through them while getting a Power-Up from
a ? Block near a Bullet Bill cannon, followed by going right past the Bullet
Bills and dealing with the Crowbers.  Raid the ? Block from the low ledge 
for another Power-Up, which will be done under constant attack, moving right
to find a ? Block that holds a springboard.  Pick up the springboard and go
right to drop it onto the first floating ledge that appears, using the 
springboard to boost upwards off screen to gain possession of the first Star
Coin.

Continue to the right to pass some Splunkins and a Boo, reaching a Power-Up
after passing the halfway marker.  Head right past the Bullet Bills that
litter the area, minding the Boos that are around, reaching a set of Bullet
Bill launchers below a Star Coin, using a Super Jump to reach that Star Coin
via the back of a Bullet Bill (just be careful of the nearby Boo when 
launching into the air).  

Next for Mario is to drop down to the ledge below the Banzai Bill launcher, 
getting the final Star Coin, followed by Wall Jumping off the Banzai Bill 
launcher to get to the ledge on the left, followed by Super Jumping off the
next Banzai Bill to land on the massive launcher, leaping to the right to 
reach the flagpole to end the level!


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 8-2 |
                               o-----------o

Head through the pipe to find a ?-Switch to hit, swimming upwards at full 
speed to find a ledge to leap to, grabbing the Power-Up before heading 
through the pipe on the left.  In this area send Mario across the Barrels 
(feel free to smack the Skeeters) to find another ? Switch, triggering it to
raise the water level.  Swim upwards and then head right across the barrels,
finding a pipe to go through.

Snag the Power-Up from the ? Block here, followed by using a Ground Pound to
go through the bricks, much like a certain Star World Level in Super Mario
World (well that used a Spin Jump, but close enough).  Line up Mario 
underneath the former ? Block, and then Ground Pound through the various
structures, falling through a Star Coin to reach the halfway marker, so head
through the pipe on the right.  Hit the ?-Switch here to raise the water
level, swimming upwards quickly to leap out of the water to Super Jump off 
of a Skeeter on the right side of the shaft, Wall Jumping as high as 
possible, which should send Mario sailing through the second Star Coin.

Swim through the lower pipe on the right, going upwards to kill off the 
Skeeters.  Next send Mario to hit the ?-Switch, swimming up the passage on 
the right to leap up to the ledge with the third Star Coin, followed by 
going back down to hit the ?-Switch once more, this time going up the left
passage to enter the pipe up above the ledge.  Jump across the ledges on
the right, arriving at the flagpole, ending the level!


                           o-------------------o
                           | Level 8-Tower One |
                           o-------------------o

Jump right to the moving platform, getting the Power-Up from the ? Block 
before leaping up the moving platforms to find the first Star Coin on the
left.  Head back down to go right to start climbing up the moving ledges,
carefully leaping between the spikes to find a Power-Up in a ? Block, 
followed by letting the ledge above slide left, allowing Mario to leap up
and duck down, letting the ledge push him through as it comes back to the 
right.

Once you are through, go left and let the moving ledge pull Mario through
to the far side (go when the Spike Tops are not threatening), allowing Mario
to go upwards to get the second Star Coin.  Let the high ledge push Mario
through the small opening, going right to use the next block to go upwards,
reaching the halfway marker.

Head left and climb up between the two crushing granite blocks, finding a
Dry Bones and a springboard, so use it to launch upwards, jumping up to 
reveal the hidden blocks above the Dry Bones, followed by using the winged
? Block to get on top of them, acquiring the final Star Coin.  Now head
through the large red doors to find Baby Bowser!

Bowser Jr. will be doing his usual throw the shell and get nailed, allowing
Mario to jump onto his stomach to damage him.  However, this battlezone will
have a couple extras trick to deal with, mainly the moving granite blocks on
the sides of the area, and two Flamethrowers will attack from below, so be
careful to not take a hit while chasing down Bowser Jr.  Three hits will end
the bout, sending Bowser Jr. scurrying off once more!


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 8-3 |
                               o-----------o

head through the pipe to get the Power-Up on the right, followed by swimming
upwards, passing all the Unagis in the walls.  Whenever an Unagi is swimming
a patrol through a passage ahead, let it go by before charging through, and
Mario will eventually reach the halfway marker, which also happens to be 
where the level picks up intensity... BIG TIME!

Yeah the Mega Unagi is here, and it will be nipping at your heels the entire
time you swim to the right, so be fast and accurate in your swimming lines,
or you will soon belong to the Mega Unagi's digestive tract!  Swim to the
right, dodging through the incoming Unagis, Cheep-Cheeps, and doing so while
maintaining your speed to stay ahead of the razor sharp teeth that trail 
you, swim along the bottom half of the cavern to eventually reach a Star 
Coin resting on the bottom of the sea.

After grabbing this lovely decoration, swim up to the roof to bust the 
bricks that appear ahead, getting into the containment area of the second
Star Coin.  Next step for Mario is to ignore all other distractions (like 
the ? Blocks and red Coin Ring) to go forward at top speed, dropping down to
wrap around some bricks to reach the Star Coin when it appears, followed by
making a break for it to the right.  Here Mario will find the flagpole, so
do not worry about scoring well here, just get out of this crazy sprint swim
level!


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 8-4 |
                               o-----------o

Mario will immediately be accosted by bombarding Scuttlebugs, dropping down
in sets of two to try and hit Mario.  They will further their attacks by 
letting go of their silk threads, coming to ground level to try and touch
Mario, so be ready to deal with this while moving right, arriving at a ledge
that is a ? Block, Coin Block, and another ? Block.  Take a running leap to
the right here to reach the high ledge, grabbing the Star Coin before 
passing the halfway marker.

Grab the nearby Power-Up before cautiously advancing, dealing with 
Scuttlebugs as they both Mario, reaching a series of up and down floating 
platforms.  When Mario is almost across, use a running leap to get the 
second Star Coin (land carefully below, the ledge is fairly small) before 
continuing onwards to find an Invincible Starman.  Use this great Item to go
right, blasting through all foes, carefully leaping across the moving ledges
to find a mini pipe.  When this spot is located, use a Mini Mushroom from 
your reserves (if you lack it, come back later) to become Mini Mario, 
heading down the pipe.

Inside hit the ? Block to get an Invincible Starman, moving right to hit the
next ? Block for the next Invincible StarMan, allowing Mario to enter the 
narrow passage above to run to the left to reach the Star Coin before his
Starman runs out (if it does, he will not be able to bypass the Micro 
Goombas blocking this passage).  head back up the pipe to continue on the
right, avoiding Scuttlebugs to reach the flagpole, ending the level!


                           o--------------------o
                           | Level 8-Castle One |
                           o--------------------o

Ride the platform on the high track to the right to leap up to the ledge 
with the Star Coin, followed by hopping down to hit the red block to get a
platform to cross the next lava field.  Grab the Power-Up and dust the Dry
Bones to go right to hit the red switch to get the platform over the solid
ledge to appear.  Ride it up and leap to the high platform, riding it down 
to the bottom track to get the second Star Coin, followed by riding across
the lava ahead (take the lower route for purposes later) to find the halfway
marker and a Power-Up.

Next up for Mario are some treacherous triangle and rectangle platforms to
hop across, grabbing the Power-Up from the ? Block, jumping to the rope that
hangs from the ceiling.  Land Mario on the platform below the large red 
doors, ducking to go through the narrow opening to go right to find more
rotating platforms to cross, reaching the third Star Coin.

Now wait for the ledge to return along the track, going left to head for the
large red doors, entering to go battle the boss!

Bowser Jr. will sic Skeletal Bowser on Mario, who is far less vulnerable 
than Bowser was in the first Castle of the game.  However, he still suffers
from the same beatable weakness in that once that switch behind him is 
touched, he drops form sight!  To perform this feat, simply dodge the 
incoming bone throws (mush like the SMB hammers Bowser could throw) and 
fiery breath attacks, waiting for Bowser to leap high into the air, at which
point Mario can go underneath and hit the switch.  Another tried and true 
way of getting to the switch is to just run right into Bowser, using the 
temporary invincibility to go hit the switch!

This appears to be the end... but it is not!  Bowser Jr. grabs the Princess
and sprints away with Peach once more, crossing a recently formed bridge to
enter the second half of World 8!


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 8-5 |
                               o-----------o

Head right to hop across the bouncy ledges and tippy rock ledges, taking
out the Goombas and Red Koopa Troopas, arriving at a dual ? Block set that
signals that a quick hop down to the rock ledge below to get the Star Coin,
followed by quickly leaping back up before it tips into the lava.  Now use 
the Red Koopa Troopa ahead on the ? Block for a 1-Up Mushroom, followed by
continuing to the right to beat up the Red Koopa Troopa to claim the 
Power-Up from the ? Block it patrols near.

Continue moving right, taking out the first Red Koopa Troopa before hopping 
down to the next ledge, using one of these red Koopa Troopas to throw into 
the Star Coin on the left to collect it, followed by hopping across the gaps
to find a series of rock ledges that tip when you stay on them.  Hop from
ledge to ledge quickly, hopping over the Red Koopa Troopas and Green 
Paratroopa Koopas that will accost Mario, trying to maintain some good speed
to take a running leap off the last ledge of this type (it is slightly 
elevated above the others), to reach a really high ledge, where the third
Star Coin sits.  Now head through the pipe on the right, jumping onto the
flagpole to end the level!


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 8-6 |
                               o-----------o

Head left to wrap around to the far side of the screen, hopping the gap to 
keep going left, claiming the Power-Up from the ? Block before going up to
use the green pipe, launching up and left, wrapping around through the screen
to get the Star Coin.  Now head back out to jump up through the ledge above,
running right to go past the Goombas pouring from the red pipe, reaching a
? Block that hold a Power-Up.

Next up is the halfway marker, which is quickly followed by springboards for
Mario to use, going up off the first two to find a third one, which he 
should use to launch up and to the left, stomping through the bricks with a
Ground Pound, followed by leaping up the ledges above before the lava 
catches up.  Go left and use the springboard here, launching straight up to
reach some solid red ledges.

Head up through the openings while dodging the Spinies, hanging to the right
side to find the third Star Coin, followed by running through the side of 
the screen to reach a green pipe, which will launch Mario away from the 
rising lava's reach!  If you want to really score well on the flagpole, head
to the left and use the springboard there to whirl all the way to the right,
getting some Coins while doing so.  Either way, touch the flagpole to end 
the level!


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 8-7 |
                               o-----------o

Super Jump across the backs of the Green Paratroopa Koopas for a Power-Up,
which leads to a series of Koopas of all types to Super Jump along, 
concluding with a bounce over the large wall ahead (if you fail at this, 
look for a hidden block to reach the top of the wall).  A Sledge Bro will
attack at this juncture, so shoot it from afar (or you will have to get in 
close), followed by going down underneath the ledge to go left for the Star
Coin.  Remember to leap off of this ledge quickly as it is tough to stop so 
suddenly on a small ledge.

Head right to pass the Red Koopa Troopas to reach some cliffs, so move 
across them while collecting Coins to reach a small ledge, leaping across 
the gap to hit the halfway marker and to raid the higher ? Block for a 
Power-Up (just be careful around the Green Paratroopa Koopas).  Head right 
to find two Fiery Bros, so leap up in between their attacks, hopping on the
first one (though a taste of their own medicine from Fiery Mario would be
just as satisfying), followed by cracking the one on the ledge above by 
punching him from below.

Look for the Invincible Starman in the ? Block to go right, hurriedly 
smashing through the Koopas here to find a set of floating ledges, one of
which houses a Boomerang Bro, so take him out with the Starman (if you still
possess it), or stomp him in between his boomerang attacks, which will leave 
the second Star Coin unguarded.  

Continue on to the right, facing another Sledge hammer Bro to allow Mario to
Ground Pound through the one set of bricks, opening the containment are of 
the third Star Coin to collect it (just do not Ground Pound too far, or 
Mario will die).  head right to go through the Red Coin Ring, getting the 
Red Coins before entering the green pipe, launching through the majority of
the Red Coins, hopping straight up to get the last one, followed by using 
the Green Paratroopa Koopas to Super Jump high into the air, grabbing the 
flagpole to end the level!

A fun note for this level: This is an homage to the Hand Trap from Super 
Mario Brothers 3 that contains all the types of the Hammer Brothers Family. 
Though this level is longer, it is about the same in terms of difficulty.


                               o-----------o
                               | Level 8-8 |
                               o-----------o

Run right to use the brick ledge to go up and left for the first Star Coin
(go in between the volcanic eruptions to stay safe), followed by going right
for the Power-Up in the nearby ? Block.  Now head right carefully, passing 
the Kab-Ombs (stomp them to kill them to stay really safe), but do not fear 
their explosions as they will just harmlessly shoot into the air after 
running around for a few second making a wonderful coloured explosion.

Keep on going along, raiding the bricks and ? Blocks to find Power-Ups, 
arriving at a set of grey bricks that are positioned over holes, but look
carefully to find a mini pipe in one.  Stand over this hole and break the
bricks with the falling magma rock, going down the pipe (as Mini Mario, or
else you can not go after this Star Coin) to find a large maze.  Enter the 
maze near the mini pipe, working through the pathways (Coins are an 
excellent indicator of which way to go), reaching the second Star Coin.  Now
Mario will just need to continue to the left, fighting his way out of this 
maze to reach the mini pipe to go back to the surface.

Head right past all the Kab-Ombs and avoiding the incoming magma, stopping
underneath the encased Star Coin, letting the magma rip the bricks to 
shreds.  After leaping up between eruptions to claim the third Star Coin,
head right past all the Kab-Ombs (carefully, as you are likely still Mini
Mario), reaching the flagpole to end the hellish level!


                           o-------------------o
                           | Level 8-Tower Two |
                           o-------------------o

Head right to get onto the green block platform to begin moving, raiding the
? Block for a Power-Up before facing a series of moves through some 
Firebars.  When Mario enters the narrow hall with spikes and small Firebars,
ride at the front of the platform, riding the blocks upward to grab the 
first Star Coin from a small alcove.

get onto the front block immediately to ride upwards, passing the halfway
marker, continuing to the right to ride through the various dips and doodles
of the platform, ignoring the Red Coin Ring while doing so.  When you reach
the ? Block holding the Power-Up, take a running leap off the green blocks 
to the right to get the second Star Coin, followed by hustling to the right 
to get onto the rising green blocks before the Spiked Ball comes crashing 
into the scene.

Continue the great green block tour, avoiding the first Spiked Ball to find
a second to leap over and onto the ledge it came from, getting the third 
Star Coin before returning to the green blocks.  Now get onto the front 
block and ride it upwards, leaping over to the right to enter the large red 
doors to face Baby Bowser once more!

Baby Bowser will be doing his now familiar hide in his shell before tossing
a Green Koopa shell, so stomp the shell and throw it back to stun him, 
followed by planting a plumber boot in his exposed mid section.  Repeat the 
pattern two more times while watching out for the Podoboo attacks on the 
sides, and baby Bowser will make one last run for it!


                           o--------------------o
                           | Level 8-Castle Two |
                           o--------------------o

Head right across the gaps while avoiding the Podoboos, reaching a door to
pass through, finding three bricks.  Punch the center one to reveal a
?-Switch, which will flip the room to let Mario pass through the door that
was on ceiling (now on the ground), leading into a room to go up and to the
right through, passing Flamethrowers and a Dry Bone, entering the door near 
a thin wall.  In here Mario will find a Super Thwomp to pass underneath 
after he draws it into attacking, followed by hitting the bricks to reveal a
?-Switch.

Collect the Power-Up on the right before hitting the ?-Switch, flipping the
room again so Mario can go left underneath the Super Thwoimp again, passing
through the door to find another long set of Flamethrowers and a Dry Bones 
to move past, fighting over to the left to find a solo brick that holds a
?-Switch.  Now Mario will have to go back to the right, looking for a ledge 
above (it is located above the area with the Dry Bones) to go up past more
Flamethrowers, entering the door.  Head right past the three Thwomps, 
turning left to hop over the spikes above to go get the first Star Coin,
followed by turning right to go down to get a Power-Up from a brick below a
Dry Bones.

Head left from here, continuing to go downwards while smacking bricks, 
revealing a ?-Switch to flip the room, allowing Mario to climb upwards to
pass under the Thwomp to reach the top.  Mario will find a choice in path,
so go right and pass under another Thwomp to leap some spikes and a Dry
Bones, reaching a door.  Leap onto the platform on the left to get up to a
door that leads to an empty room where running right along the floor will 
get Mario a second Star Coin, followed by going up the stairs to get into 
the door located at the top.

Head right to pass the halfway marker and to snag an Item, which is followed
by a set of platforms and such that have many routes across, but only one 
correct way will allow Mario to advance (a classic style from the original
Super Mario Brothers castles in World 4, World 7, and World 8).  So to 
advance through this area, start out by taking the bottom path to hear the
success chime, followed by going along the to path in the next area, and
finally taking the middle path to clear this area.

Mario will have to leap across some small ledges ahead to find a couple 
bricks to Ground Pound to destroy, followed by going over the lava pit to
take a running leap to the left underneath the ledge, attempting a Slide 
Duck to go under the short bricks, reaching the final Star Coin in the game!
Now head right, entering the massive red doors to enter into the final Boss
Fight!

Bowser Jr. will revive his destroyed father before the battle even begins, 
turning the bout into an unfair 2 vs. 1... if you were not the great Mario
anyway!  Start out by concentrating on Baby Bowser, jump his charges,
forcing him to throw a Koopa shell for Mario to stomp and throw back, 
followed by jumping onto his exposed stomach (though Fireballs really work 
well here), getting three hits to finish him off.  However, while taking 
down this wily foe, remember that Bowser will be attacking with his blue
flames that will track Mario down, but luckily their range is very limited.

Once Bowser Jr. has been dispatched, it is time to take care of Bowser.  
However, upon the defeat of scales and blood, Bowser will up the attacks, 
sending out multiple flames at a time, including three blue homing flames at
once!  Try to get in close to the monster, avoiding the flames (if the blue
flames come out, back and off let them dissipate), waiting for Bowser to 
leap into the air to allow Mario to go underneath him and to hit the switch
that rests on the right side of the room.  Note it is far easier to go under
him on the high leap, but it is possible to get under him on the small leap.

Hit the switch to end the abduction, saving Princess Peach and ending the
game!

