----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------Enemies-----------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

6) This section will examine both the regular enemies and the bosses of the
   game.


                             o--------------o
                             | Regular Foes |
                             o--------------o

Name......: Amp.
Appearance: Electrified black orb.
Attacks...: They will not move, but are positioned in area where Mario has
            to navigate through, making them great at being in the way.


Name......: Ball & Chain.
Appearance: A chain with a large spiked ball attached to it.
Attacks...: These traps will just swing around and around in an attempt to 
            hit Mario, but they are usually positioned so Mario has to go
            past them with bottomless pits positioned below.


Name......: Balloon Boo.
Appearance: A ghost that will harass Mario.
Attacks...: When he is not looked at, he will grow in size, but when he is
            being eyeballed, he will shrink back to his regular size.


Name......: Banzai Bill.
Appearance: A massive Bullet Bill.
Attacks...: Flies across the screen in an attempt to hit Mario directly.


Name......: Blockhopper.
Appearance: A fake ? Block with bricks on top.
Attacks...: This faker will try to leap onto or walk into Mario, but they
            are fairly easy to avoid.


Name......: Blooper.
Appearance: A jellyfish creature that inhabits watery areas.
Attacks...: Swims around the water in odd sideway movements, though they
            are sometimes accompanied by Mini-Bloopers, which are shot out
            in multiple directions to hit Mario.


Name......: Bob-Omb.
Appearance: A small walking, black bomb.
Attacks...: Once they are stomped on, their fuse is lit, causing them to
            explode a few second later, clearing out anything within range.


Name......: Boo.
Appearance: A white ghost.
Attacks...: When faced, these ghosts will hide their faces and not move, but
            as soon as Mario turns away, these ghosts will beeline towards
            Mario.


Name......: Boomerang Brother.
Appearance: A helmeted turtle with two large boomerangs.
Attacks...: The Boomerang Bro will attack with his trusty Boomerangs, 
            throwing them out in a circular pattern.


Name......: Broozer.
Appearance: A brawny ghost that breaks bricks.
Attacks...: These guys will bust down walls, which is beneficial for Mario
            when he needs the pathway opened.


Name......: Bullet Bill.
Appearance: A black bullet.
Attacks...: These projectiles will fly straight across the screen in an
            attempt to hit Mario directly.  Their cannons will often be
            lined up into gauntlets for Mario to traverse through.


Name......: Buzzy Beetle.
Appearance: a black shelled beetle.
Attacks...: These guys will crawl across the ceiling of underground areas,
            dropping down to spin at Mario.


Name......: Chain Chomp.
Appearance: A black head chained to a single block.
Attacks...: When Mario draws near, these beasts will attempt to lunge and
            bite the hero.


Name......: Cheep-Cheep.
Appearance: An orange fish.
Attacks...: Swims lazily in a single direction, not really making any effort
            to hit Mario as he passes on by.  They can also be aggressive in
            their attacks, but surprisingly it is when Mario is on dry land,
            as they will attempt to leap into Mario.


Name......: Cheep-Chomp.
Appearance: A larger blue fish.
Attacks...: These annoyances will try to swallow Mario whole, regardless of
            his Power-Up situation.  They will often hound Mario for large
            portions of the level, so be wary of their attacks from behind,
            as they may not be gone yet.


Name......: Crowber.
Appearance: A black bird.
Attacks...: These members of the Corvid family will look to swarm Mario,
            often attacking in large groups.


Name......: Deep-Cheep.
Appearance: A green fish.
Attacks...: Very similar to Cheep-Cheeps, these baddies will actually try to
            hit Mario instead of just swimming along, so avoid them if you
            can.


Name......: Fire Bro.
Appearance: Red turtles that spit fire.
Attacks...: Another member of the infamous Hammer Brothers clan, these guys
            come in pairs, spitting out Firepower shots like it is going
            out of style.


Name......: Firebar.
Appearance: A chain of fireballs.
Attacks...: Locked onto a brick, these fireballs in a group will swing 
            around in a circle, attempting to touch Mario.  They are often
            positioned so Mario will have to pass right through their area.


Name......: Flame Chomp.
Appearance: A floating black head with trailing fireballs.
Attacks...: While floating through the air, it will pause momentarily to
            spit a fireball at Mario.  if it runs out of fireballs to use,
            it will attempt to explode in a kamikaze run at Mario.


Name......: Flamethrower.
Appearance: A small barrel that spews flames periodically.
Attacks...: In a tribute to the Exhaust Ports from the Airships in the Super
            Mario Brothers 3, these traps will shoot out flame in an attempt
            to scorch Mario when he passes by.


Name......: Giant Spiked Ball.
Appearance: A massive metal ball with spikes all over it.
Attacks...: Like the smaller version it will try to roll into Mario, but due 
            the girth it possesses, it is also able to smash through bricks 
            with ease, so watch out for it to appear suddenly from the side 
            or above.


Name......: Goomba.
Appearance: A walking brown mushroom.
Attacks...: These classic Super Mario Brothers enemies do nothing more than
            try to bump into Mario, usually attacking in groups.


Name......: Green Koopa Troopa.
Appearance: A green-shelled turtle.
Attacks...: This simple minded enemy has no self preservation skills, as it
            will just walk blindly forward to try and hurt Mario, but he 
            will not stop himself from walking into a pit, so ignoring them
            will typically work.  Also, though it is not quite the same, 
            their shell can be kicked, and if it hits Mario it will hurt 
            him.


Name......: Green Paratroop Koopa.
Appearance: A green-shelled, winged turtle.
Attacks...: Unlike the wingless cousin, these guys will usually fly in a set
            vertical pattern, not offing themselves.  However, they revert 
            to Green Koopa Troopas when they are stomped, as they lose their
            wings.


Name......: Hammer Bro.
Appearance: A hammer tossing turtle.
Attacks...: These guys (typically in groups of two) will attack by throwing
            hammers and jumping between the platforms they typically
            inhabit.


Name......: Kab-Omb.
Appearance: A walking bomb.
Attacks...: Much like a Bob-Omb, but their explosion does not hurt Mario.


Name......: Lakitu.
Appearance: A turtle riding in a cloud.
Attacks...: Lakitu is about as oldschool as they come, flying through the
            air, tormenting Mario by throwing his pet Spinies out to try and
            hurt Mario.


Name......: Mega Cheep-Cheep.
Appearance: A massive orange fish.
Attacks...: Muchy like the regular Cheep-Cheep it swims in a single 
            direction, ignoring Mario.


Name......: Mega Deep-Cheep.
Appearance: A massive green fish.
Attacks...: Muchy like the regular Deep-Cheep it swims directly at Mario, 
            actively seeking to hurt him.


Name......: Mega Unagi.
Appearance: A massive eel.
Attacks...: This sleek swimmer also boasts rows upon rows of dagger sharp
            teeth, so avoid the charges it makes as well as the biting
            attacks it utilizes.


Name......: Micro Goomba.
Appearance: Tiny brown walking mushrooms.
Attacks...: Much like their larger brethren, they will try to bump into 
            Mario to hurt him.


Name......: Paragoomba.
Appearance: A winged brown mushroom.
Attacks...: A flying Goomba that will make dive bomb attacks at Mario to try
            and hit him.


Name......: Piledriver.
Appearance: A spiky piston driven implement.
Attacks...: These positioned traps will just slam back and forth (either up 
            and down or side to side) in attempt to crush Mario.  However, 
            even their touch is hurtful to Mario, so be careful to not run 
            into a deployed trap.


Name......: Piranha Plant.
Appearance: Red petaled plant with teeth.
Attacks...: Customarily attacking out of a pipe (though they can be outside
            these confines as well), the Piranha Plant will try to bite 
            Mario as he tries to pass these carnivorous beasts.


Name......: Podoboo.
Appearance: A red fireball.
Attacks...: Found within lava pits, these burning entities will try to leap 
            out with a vertical jump to hit Mario as he crosses the lava
            expanses found within the castles.


Name......: Pokey.
Appearance: A segmented cactus.
Attacks...: Pokey will slowly shuffle and sway his segmented body in an 
            attempt to hit Mario, usually being positioned in such a manner
            that he will make it difficult for Mario to pass by.


Name......: Red Koopa Troopa.
Appearance: A red-shelled turtle.
Attacks...: Similiar to the Green Koopa Troopa, these guys actually half 
            some self preservation instincts, as they patrol a certain 
            platform, marching back and forth in wait of Mario's arrival.
            Also, though it is not quite the same, their shell can be 
            kicked, and if it hits Mario it will hurt him.


Name......: Red Paratroopa Koopa.
Appearance: A red-shelled, winged turtle.
Attacks...: Much like the Green Paratroopa Koopa, this winged turtle will
            patrol the airways, but it typically follows a horizontal flight 
            path when it tries to hit Mario.


Name......: Scuttlebug.
Appearance: A large legged spider hanging from the top of the screen.
Attacks...: They do not try to aggressively attack Mario, as they just bounce
            up and down on their silky lines that they produce.  However, if 
            they cut their thread, they will land and begin to hunt Mario in
            earnest.


Name......: Skeeter.
Appearance: Spindly legged, water walking bugs.
Attacks...: While flitting back and forth across the surface of the water 
            makes them tough enough to deal with while trying to leave the
            water, they also drop bombs downward periodically in an attempt
            to aggressively hurt Mario.


Name......: Sledge Hammer Bro.
Appearance: A massive Hammer Brother with sledgehammer weaponry.
Attacks...: Much like the smaller version, the Sledge Hammer Brother will 
            leap around, tossing sledgehammers to try and pick off Mario.
            However, he also boasts a massive ground slam that can stun 
            Mario for a few seconds.


Name......: Snailicorn.
Appearance: A horned snail.
Attacks...: When Mario lands on one of the ledges these beasts inhabit, it
            will charge him and try to ram the Italian plumber off the ledge
            to his doom.


Name......: Snow Spike.
Appearance: A snowball wielding foe.
Attacks...: With an endless supply of packed snowballs, he will try to pick
            Mario off at a distance.  Getting in close will make Mario an
            easier target, but these guys tend to be positioned right in the
            path of the level.


Name......: Spike Bass.
Appearance: A massive blowfish.
Attacks...: This fish will patrol the waters below the low lying areas of
            some shoreline levels, looking to leap up to hit Mario.  Though
            he can be defeated, he will return in mere moments, so watch out
            Mario.


Name......: Spike Top.
Appearance: A beetle with a spike.
Attacks...: These guys will ignore Mario as he passes by, but they do not
            need to go after him due to their spiky exterior.


Name......: Spiked Ball.
Appearance: A metal ball with spikes on it.
Attacks...: This object will try and roll into Mario, causing him harm.


Name......: Spiny.
Appearance: A spike-backed red beast.
Attacks...: The pet of Lakitu, they will be thrown from above by the cloud
            dwelling Lakitu, landing to start walking in a straight line.
            They also have spikes on their back, so they can not be killed
            through a leap, making them fairly dangerous for Mario.


Name......: Splunkin.
Appearance: A walking pumpkin.
Attacks...: It will walk along, trying to bump into Mario.  After one hit it
            will increase the speed it moves at, but a second hit will 
            destroy it.


Name......: Squiggler.
Appearance: a small Wiggler.
Attacks...: These tiny Wigglers will come out of pipes, looking to hit 
            Mario with direct touch.


Name......: Super Dry Bones.
Appearance: Massive skeletal turtles.
Attacks...: Truly big enemies, they will walk back and forth in an area to 
            try and touch Mario.  They also double as strength for moving
            blocks to try and crush Mario.


Name......: Super Piranha Plant.
Appearance: A massive red petaled plant with teeth.
Attacks...: Much like their smaller counterparts, except that they exist
            solely outside the confines of the pipes of the Mushroom 
            Kingdom.


Name......: Super Thwomp.
Appearance: A gigantic stone.
Attacks...: Much like regular Thwomps, this guy will try to squish Mario,
            but it can also crash through bricks and other materials, so be
            very careful around these foes.


Name......: Sushi.
Appearance: A blue shark.
Attacks...: Typically appearing in pairs, these guys will charge across the
            screen and attempt to hit Mario while en route.


Name......: Thwomp.
Appearance: A stone.
Attacks...: These classic Mario Brothers enemies will inhabit areas where
            Mario needs to pass through, crashing downwards as the Italian
            plumber draws near in an attempt to squash him flat.


Name......: Unagi.
Appearance: An Eel.
Attacks...: Found hiding in their small holes in rock faces, they will snap
            out in Mario’s direction to try and bite him.


Name......: Venus Fire Trap.
Appearance: A red petaled flower with fiery breath.
Attacks...: When these fellows pop out from their hiding place in a pipe, 
            they will fire one or two fireballs in Mario's direction, then
            retreat into the pipe, and then repeat the same attack.


Name......: Whomp.
Appearance: A large slate of grey rock.
Attacks...: When Mario comes close to their position, these guys will fall
            face first onto the ground, which seems silly but is a very 
            effective attacking strategy.


Name......: Wiggler.
Appearance: A yellow caterpillar with a flower in it's head.
Attacks...: The typical Wiggler is a happy creature, meandering around at a
            slow pace, but after it is attacked it will turn red and move 
            around at great speed in an attempt to hurt Mario.


